Gwenevere Abriel: Three people three little buggers.
We've got three
Gwenevere Abriel: Three of the James's is trying to join.
Gwenevere Abriel: James
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, James.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, James. This is when
Gwenevere Abriel: James. Can you hear me, this is Glenn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: James, James.
Gwenevere Abriel: James and James
Gwenevere Abriel: James. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: James
Gwenevere Abriel: So it is so interesting. I've got a couple of challenges.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have a I've been sending you messages. I can see your messages to me through text, but I'm in Santa Fe with like zero like in some sort of black
Gwenevere Abriel: Zone of. Yeah, well, I'm in the black hole of Wi Fi not have it not heaven. Let me put it like that. And so I see you trying and trying and trying and trying and trying, about 10 times to try and login to zoom and it's not letting you in
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know if it's my fault because I'm on my laptop. I'm not really sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let me, let me just, I'm still trying to problem solve. I have another possible computer that's going to be available either in minutes or. Now let me just do a little problem solving.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So well
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you picked up people people protect yeah we protect numbers so that you know personal phone numbers aren't called but I'm really glad you picked up because my cell phone doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can't, you know what I mean. The number that you used to. So I keep trying to admit you I took a picture with four of your efforts to try and log in. I mean, you're really trying. I can
Gwenevere Abriel: But I keep hitting admit and it won't let you in. So I just didn't happen to my folks. Earlier this week, I'm not sure what's the what
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Um hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work on work on my phone. I'm gonna go downstairs and see if I can get it to work.
On the computer down there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me too. That's kind of creative
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's a speakerphone on this or would it be
Gwenevere Abriel: Push to talk voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: pause for just speaker. Can you hear me on a speaker now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I just put you on speaker phone. So let's see. Let's see if we can make that work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of an odd way to do this but
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll just have a conversation
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: may go into your record.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I was so distracted with trying to go up and down stairs.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you said within the next couple days you can get to your mom's for the book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me write that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, have you been doing any of that sort of constructive worry time on in a really intentional way, or did you forget all about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much sleep and even getting
Gwenevere Abriel: More sleep. So yeah, how are you making that happen. Oh my god, start giving me melatonin. I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's actually a
Gwenevere Abriel: couple nights.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Working
Gwenevere Abriel: We got
Gwenevere Abriel: So I you know I noticed James You opened up a little bit in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, when you're when you heard Daniel talking. What was that like to hear him share
Gwenevere Abriel: I can relate to that, homie. Because, like, I've met a lot of people like him in jail and in jail and like that that type of place. Let me get out of our lifestyle that they can't get in here. You're again over stupid bullshit or something of sorts. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am glad he was there. So you could hear him because here he is this, you know, I think he said he was like 41 or something and and that he's in this struggle and and sort of choices that maybe he wish he had made earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you feel that, like, this is a chance for you to not have what happened to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, good. I wanted that for you. I'm glad I'm glad he said, and he is just he'll just he keeps it real. He says, it just like it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm really glad you got an opportunity to meet with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's where's the book.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fun. The one where we got the book. Okay, here we go. So as that the ASPCA be so. All right. Yeah. So 528
Gwenevere Abriel: Reports within the next few days.
Gwenevere Abriel: He will
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick up a book from moms.
Gwenevere Abriel: And bring it to dads. Is that the plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and then the sleeping was great. So we definitely want that in here. We want to say that he had his sleep has improved having taken melatonin. How many days. Have you had between six and eight hours of sleep a night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Melatonin but I don't know how many days that is on a
Gwenevere Abriel: Sunday night Monday night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Since Monday night, it had
Gwenevere Abriel: between six and eight hours. Yeah, okay. That is great. Are you noticing your brain works better when you've got rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah dude, so much better. Okay. And so
Gwenevere Abriel: taking melatonin.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: When it comes to sort of that topic that you raised in group around your
Gwenevere Abriel: Thoughts of wanting. Okay. I think about ex girlfriend. And then, oh, that's where we drank, and this is we drank together and this is I drink to cope
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the last few days. What have you been doing to challenge the thought of drinking like what's the next thought, you have to challenge it to get it out of your head, you know, cuz I ran a mile.
Gwenevere Abriel: A mile and appreciated a mile.
Gwenevere Abriel: And working out running increasing
Gwenevere Abriel: The distance of your, your running
Gwenevere Abriel: Increasing
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a great one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, um, that's a physical activity. But the thing is, is you know what your brain does run with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, though. What's it busy doing while you're running. What's it about
Gwenevere Abriel: It's Heidi is digging deep looking for fill the girl. My runs it's turning everybody that every jot it down is turning on your team back to myself in my head and turning that into Hades her field to take the next steps faster and faster than
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything, we've done
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me see if I get that I'm taking all the hurtful insulting and demeaning things that I've heard
Gwenevere Abriel: From people, the self doubt in me. I turned it into hate it fuels my motivation for the next step, so that I get into the Navy, or I fall down in physical exhaustion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Well, I could get into the Navy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. You're turning anger into fuel, I love, I do. I'd like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah, because that anger can. It's just so much more energized than than a depression is, you know, when you're in a depression and you don't want to do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So at least anger gets us moving now you know I've got opinions about holding on to anger and letting showing it to people and popping off on people. But for now, if it's
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's a force of energy that's getting you up and working out. Now let me ask you, continuing to be honest with me. How do we take that same energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get your little eyes inside that book. If all we did was literally, this is the only next step would be opened it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you took your hands and we flip the pages through just with our eyes just looking at the different chapters and your eyes landed on the bold, you know how they've got chapter headings and just bold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just literally I'm not exaggerating. This is a technique you let your eyes land on those those topics, just flip, flip, flip to like one chapter flip, flip, flip, flip, flip and then close the book.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't study anything. Yeah, I'm not kidding. We got to take this progressively because there's some something's going on with you where you don't really just don't want to get in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so what that does is it is it says to the brain. Oh, I see, hey, I recognize some of those words. Oh yeah, this isn't gonna be so bad. So that's kind of the hack. It's getting in there and saying all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I ever met. I see what this is about versus staying on the outside of the cover of the book and going there is no way I'm going to be able to do this whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is daunting. Right. Yeah, it's just, it's so so intimidating. So as soon as we get it again. I'm reminding don't count on text with me because I'm in this black hole.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do emails together. But what I'm saying is I'm not going to be. I was in Albuquerque. That's what the way I was able to text you yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, but I can't count on that. I don't know if I'll be because I'm in the outskirts of Santa Fe, like in the boondocks
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, it's pretty. Don't get me wrong, it's pretty but dang, I mean, I'm so used to big city life where I can get ahold everybody I want this is throwing off my game.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's you know, it's not as supportive to either because it means I can't do. I may, you may not get a reminder on Wednesday night next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, it's okay, okay, okay, okay, good. So we've got a plan for our sleeps coming on board. I'm so excited about that. You've got a plan for the book. I think I'm getting your text. So if you want to send me one. Once you get the book like hey I've got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got the book or whatever. I would love to get that and and then I'll know by next week. Hey, he's got it. And then if you want to flip, flip through the pages. Let me check on a couple things at
Gwenevere Abriel: was the last time you had any thoughts of self harm as in I want to die. I want to end my life, how, how far back, has it been since you had one of those
Gwenevere Abriel: A month, a week, a day. How far back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Since I was in jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that like April.
Gwenevere Abriel: April.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so nothing recent I'm so glad
Gwenevere Abriel: How often do you think about that ex girlfriend of yours, how, how many times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: For own daily with it all my James shut the phone push a chatty your mind she looking at a workaround for that we see your fucking time money effort aging took URL put into a blender it, drink it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you really want to go back to our theme I guess what I'm pretty sure you don't know. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've got some good depth solid in in inner, inner dialogue, you're, you're fighting for your own sanity and and you're using the rational mind to say, literally.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's, she's toxic that's just going to break your heart again there's other beautiful intelligent fun women that will also that will also be honest. Exactly. Hello. Pretty comes in and honest form to
Gwenevere Abriel: It so and I could have the whole time OPI, go for it. And you know what this gives you lots of time to focus on this piece of recovery and on getting your Toshi ready for the Navy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Um, what else we got we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Now the distress level for you. Have you used, you got to be honest with me because if you guys forget these, I just, I'll just go over them again. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been using the the structured belly breathing where you breathe in for four seconds. Hold it for four exhale out the mouth for for
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, and what about if I said grounding in the five senses, would you be like, I don't know what you're talking about, or do you remember it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I can go over that again. It's another Handy One
Gwenevere Abriel: I can also go over another emotional regulation skill, which is sort of peripheral focus, it's this way you use your eyes when you're really pissed off.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a handy way and the people I bet, I bet when you get in the
Gwenevere Abriel: In the Navy. I think sharpshooters use this when they're, when they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to fire a weapon. I think they do it. They think, so I'll teach it to you. I don't know if this is exactly how they do it. But I heard someone in in the military, say, Oh, I think that's what would people use in order to get their eyes. Ready to focus on the target.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll teach that to you. Okay, so let's try a little something. Alright, so I'm say
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have been doing the belly breathing. You told me, I've been doing belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does not call
Gwenevere Abriel: Grounding
Gwenevere Abriel: Review
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Learned the most race. Here we are, we're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Have there been times when you have been in high distress and you called one of your home girls.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And they get you centered, they help you remember your, your core goals and not to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a short term solution like drinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's just you chatting with them, is it more like that. Yeah, more like that. Okay, and that's enough, right, because it gets you feeling like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I might be suffering. But I'm not suffering alone. I've got, I've got these friends. Yeah, exactly. Okay, yeah. Cool. So I'll just say you have been calling
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're not trying to drag you back into that life. Are they those girls. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel cared for when you speak with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I sound like an idiot. When I say your home girls.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because in Florida, what people do is they they they take away they try to stay away from girlfriend, because that's usually a romantic term right so they'll say, friend, they'll say friend girl and I think it sounds ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like yours better
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. Okay. I'm emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
That's pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any slips where you've had a sip of beer one shot, even a sip of any alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: And April, you said, I have not had been busy city.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that was a
Gwenevere Abriel: See where it says one
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to stay sober and away from the bottle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I think it on 521 says, interesting. I wonder if you're in. It's increased because I'm 521 I wrote down client reports. Having once a week. Thoughts of drinking. Is it possible you are minimizing it then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: It was just, it's gone up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay because you're thinking about her again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see. Okay, so there we go. When you're thinking about her. It's a real trigger to start romanticizing alcohol use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Somebody working on the roof, if you can hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then we get on with the book. Okay, so now
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about how to channel.
Gwenevere Abriel: That anger into sort of transforming that into the motivation that it's going to take for you to get that book from your mom's over to your pops keeping it very simple. Is there any interest in putting it in your phone right now as a reminder to pick up the book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you go for it. Now, I'll just sit here and pick my nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: You plug it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Sweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that feel good that you did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, one step closer. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, basically.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok and now how are you getting along with your pops these days is or extra attention, what's what's going on between you two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, me, my dad. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I thought you said me in the car. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I'm open up that can of worms. I know there's no love there, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a call for me to walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: All kinds of chaos here, James.
Gwenevere Abriel: Adapt. What is it, adapt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Overcome, I don't know what the slogan is but there's something that's the way life is just add up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Adapt and overcome. Yeah, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a great movie. Isn't it
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What else we got in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, I want to teach you see if I have never done this over the phone before
Gwenevere Abriel: You can stop me and say, Oh, yeah, yeah, I know this, but I want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of, see if you can do it. So I want you to pick one object. Let's say you know the mostly what's in your career in your car, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're in your car. Let's say it's the whichever one is has more buttons or knobs are attorney doodads on it, whether it's the blinker
Gwenevere Abriel: Windshield wiper
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the and what I'm going to like you to do is what this does is it gets your because you're going to be using adjectives to describe it like a black round bumpy
Gwenevere Abriel: The letter blah blah blah twisty round soft but not soft sorry because it will only be things data coming in from your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to label it, you're not going to call it a cookie. We won't call it, you know, a stone. For example, if we were looking at a rock.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just going to use adjectives to describe it. And what you want to do is you're going to want to name as many as you possibly can.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to do once you can hear what it looks like. So let's say I'm in a stress moment and all of a sudden, I just realized, oh my gosh, I forgot completely about my car insurance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder if my license is suspended like I'm having a freakout moment right and I look at this. Yeah. So I look at this thing on my
Gwenevere Abriel: I look at this thing on my desk and I start describing it. And this is what I would do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's white round shiny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Curved circle dust orange triangle bird white lettering boldface lowercase. Then there's letters and there's a bump rich, then there's stamp black stamp on the, on the, on the bottom and another circle, then a tiny dot
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, did you see that I did. All I did was described what I saw. So you pick something in your car and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, as many adjectives to describe it, but nothing that is a label or something that would come from touch because you're not touching, you're just using your eyes is the only means of data retrieval. So just look at something and just start describing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: squarish why you are on it right symbols on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All blog. It's funny. She is fun to play with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, wait, wait, let me let me do some notice that, click, click, click, would be a sound and a touch right so we want to skip this. We haven't done those we're going to do touch in a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's why this is so tricky. We have to force ourselves to only that's why this. This technique works the way it does is because we're jamming everything and no only one sensory input or eyeballs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you did awesome. Aside from the click, click, click, which we're going to get to in the tactile
Gwenevere Abriel: And in the hearing. Yeah, yeah. Cool, cool, cool now now to now you can even close your eyes. If you feel safe doing it now. We're not getting data from our eyes. Now we're getting data from our ears. I want you to describe every seeing you here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cargo by voting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shopping Carts quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: People walking
Gwenevere Abriel: Towards closing orders working cats now means going out with people talking to students tiring on the road. ENGINE REVVING I think
Gwenevere Abriel: It should be going into going to an open house.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not inside your card you notice any anything really close to your body. Anything in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That looks like. Let's just hold off. Okay. And then also remember the clicking of the the thing I'm gonna do
Gwenevere Abriel: The cooking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, nice, beautiful. Excellent. Now, we've done a vision. We've done hearing. And now I'd like you to focus in for just a moment, really quick. They it moves fast describe
Gwenevere Abriel: What you smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: I smell. Smell cigarettes I smoke weed I smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: I smell my own Marco's blow my nose. I smell does both though because this call to go was telling my papers small Shanghai from across the street.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost no Little Caesars yet I smell the shop oil solve a chemical oil fumes. We use
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful is no bakery at the center market. Wow, that's great. There's you do caught so many. That's awesome. And now move to tactile so now put your hand, maybe right on that Clichy
Gwenevere Abriel: On a windshield wiper what I do, Dad. And now, close your eyes because you're going to be tempted to want to use your eyes for this, but just describe what information is coming through that hand temperature texture.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you got
Gwenevere Abriel: It's Lauren. It's bumpy. It's got a
Gwenevere Abriel: Lot of smooth texture like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Show it on the sauna.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slowly
Gwenevere Abriel: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Now notice taste in your mouth. That's usually the hardest one. What you got in their
Gwenevere Abriel: Taste t is t taste in your mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: exhausted all the cars passing. Okay, what else
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby lately, like an
Gwenevere Abriel: Iron
Gwenevere Abriel: any leftover toothpaste.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, I just jacket. Sometimes people have coffee leftover and there are some toothpaste. Excellent. So, so here's the deal. Did you, what did okay let me ask you, when we did this activity. What did you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot more attention to things that I thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're really good at this one actually, most people can only come up with, like, like, three things. And it's like pulling teeth, but you are actually quite adept at this skill, but what about your mind. Did you notice that this took concentration
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And did you notice that it wandered off to some of that negative thinking or did you really try your very hardest to give me as many adjectives as you could come up with
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what we write your mind was busy doing that it wasn't busy fretting over negative thoughts or thoughts. You don't want in there. Isn't that interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it's so silly. Right. It's like this has been around me all along so you know when you're trying to say, Get the f out of my head. Girl, you know, you don't want that image right
Gwenevere Abriel: This is yeah, this is what you can do it when you're saying that to yourself, then go do grounding in the five senses, then just pick up an object.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you you close your eyes. You feel it, you go, okay, cool rough okay it's curved. Ooh, that's a sharp edge. Now it's smooth. Okay. Okay, I'm gonna look at it, it's gray.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's got some black spots. Oh, it's shifting its round. Now it's sharp. Oh, and what do I hear there's some kind of jackhammer going up on my roof. I can hear my noxious whiny voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear James through this speakerphone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I heard my own like swallowing just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: My taste is this nasty aftertaste from coffee, but oh this coffee, so good. That's, that's a judgment should say that's myself but yeah and then, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh hands so I can feel the pressure of the edge of this desk on my forearm. I feel I'm like, but
Gwenevere Abriel: This chair like, you know what I mean. I might move to a couple pieces of my body to try and get even more because my intent is to try and
Gwenevere Abriel: Get focus there and it was really cool. It took a lot of effort and guess what the brain only wants to focus on one thing I know they say multitasking is some sort of skill, but
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't do those things very well. It's better when we do one we really focus on it. So that's what we're using using this skill and it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a great way to get your it because guess what James You only need a few seconds to get out of that thought and then get then you go do the bigger distraction, which is a run a workout.
Gwenevere Abriel: But these little ones, the ones where we have to just get through these intense few 60 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the ones that give us enough time for our frontal lobe and your hippocampus to come on board, be like, Okay. What's that other stuff we can do
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, there's this project I started with my dad, I can, I can start signing a piece of wood that to go with that. I can go do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It allows your mind to no longer be hijacked by the amygdala by that emotional stuff of that that heartache crap and then you can get your mind on something else. This, this is really a handy one. It's much like the the belly breathing, it can work so fast so well for people
Gwenevere Abriel: But you got to do it with the fidelity. You just didn't today, which is you want to produce as many as you possibly can, like, I want to be like triple a student here. I want to give this lady as many, you know, picture that I'm there just like what, tell me more, tell me more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it does. Well, I hope it's comes in handy handy. I hope it's remembered and you have a chance to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh well. Cool. And the other one I think I'll wait till next time to to do the peripheral one because I think I am. I'd like to do it when we can actually see each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do the peripheral vision piece. So let's. Yeah. Well, thanks for being flexible today. I know this. We had to adapt and overcome today, didn't we
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, so let's see. I will see you on Tuesday morning
Gwenevere Abriel: On June 2 and then I will see you on June 4 at 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay man be good to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you heard some of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: If not just kind of maybe take what you heard me say HI LOUISE and
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I repeated. Some of what he said. So hopefully you'll get a sense of what we talked about we we
Gwenevere Abriel: Did grounding in the five senses and he said he was surprised by how much he was able to describe and he was able to. He didn't his mind didn't wander to other things. And he's going to experiment using this new technique and we can firms next week. I think you heard that part.